README.md, before:


<!-- badges: start -->

[![Pipeline
status](https://gitlab.com/r-packages/rock/badges/prod/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lukas.novak/psychtoolbox/-/commits/master)
[![Coverage
status](https://codecov.io/gl/r-packages/psychtoolbox/branch/prod/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gl/r-packages/psychtoolbox?branch=prod)
[![Version on
CRAN](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/psychtoolbox?color=brightgreen)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=psychtoolbox)
<!-- [![Dependency status](https://tinyverse.netlify.com/badge/psychtoolbox)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=psychtoolbox) -->
<!-- badges: end -->

# <img src='images/psych.png' align="right" height="200" />

# psychtoolbox

## Tools for psychology research and psychometrics

The examples can be found on the personal website of [Lukas
Novak](https://lukasnovak.online/)

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!-- Start of a custom bit for every package -->
<!--------------------------------------------->

The Psychological toolbox repository (`psychtoolbox`) was developed to
facilitate reproducible research in psychological science. This package
is focused on quantitative research methods and contains number of
functions currently covering socio-demography testing, factor analysis,
and measurement invariance. Any suggestions regarding new functions or
editing of existing once in order to increase their efficiency are very
welcomed. For more examples, about how this package can be used in real
studies, see [Open Science Framework](https://osf.io/9zhpj/).

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!--  End of a custom bit for every package  -->
<!--------------------------------------------->

## Installation

If you dont have devtools package installed, you can do that from by
using the following code

``` r
if(!'devtools' %in% rownames(installed.packages()))install.packages('devtools')
```

You can install the stable version of `psychtoolbox` from
[GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/) with:

``` r
devtools::install_gitlab('lukas.novak/psychtoolbox')
```

You can install the development version of `psychtoolbox` from
[GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/) with:

``` r
devtools::install_gitlab('lukas.novak/psychtoolbox@devel')
```

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!-- Start of a custom bit for every package -->
<!--------------------------------------------->
<!-- ## References ##• -->

# Documentation

The package documentation can be found [here](psychtoolbox_0.0.1.pdf)

# Citation

Novak, L. (2021). psychtoolbox: tools for psychology and psychometrics.
R package version 0.0.1. <https://gitlab.com/lukas.novak/psychtoolbox>

# References

Novak, L., Malinakova, K., Mikoska, P., van Dijk, J. P., Dechterenko,
F., Ptacek, R., & Tavel, P. (2021). Psychometric Analysis of the Czech
Version of the Toronto Empathy Questionnaire. International Journal of
Environmental Research and Public Health, 18(10), 5343. MDPI AG.
Retrieved from <http://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijerph18105343>

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!--  End of a custom bit for every package  -->
<!--------------------------------------------->

Commit message:

added link to shiny app

README.md, after:


<!-- badges: start -->

[![Pipeline
status](https://gitlab.com/r-packages/rock/badges/prod/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/lukas.novak/psychtoolbox/-/commits/master)
[![Coverage
status](https://codecov.io/gl/r-packages/psychtoolbox/branch/prod/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gl/r-packages/psychtoolbox?branch=prod)
[![Version on
CRAN](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/psychtoolbox?color=brightgreen)](https://cran.r-project.org/package=psychtoolbox)
<!-- [![Dependency status](https://tinyverse.netlify.com/badge/psychtoolbox)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=psychtoolbox) -->
<!-- badges: end -->

# <img src='images/psych.png' align="right" height="200" />

# psychtoolbox

## Tools for psychology research and psychometrics

The examples can be found on the personal website of [Lukas
Novak](https://lukasnovak.online/)

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!-- Start of a custom bit for every package -->
<!--------------------------------------------->

The Psychological toolbox repository (`psychtoolbox`) was developed to
facilitate reproducible research in psychological science. This package
is focused on quantitative research methods and contains number of
functions currently covering socio-demography testing, factor analysis,
and measurement invariance. Any suggestions regarding new functions or
editing of existing once in order to increase their efficiency are very
welcomed. For more examples, about how this package can be used in real
studies, see [Open Science Framework](https://osf.io/9zhpj/).

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!--  End of a custom bit for every package  -->
<!--------------------------------------------->

## Installation

If you dont have devtools package installed, you can do that from by
using the following code

``` r
if(!'devtools' %in% rownames(installed.packages()))install.packages('devtools')
```

You can install the stable version of `psychtoolbox` from
[GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/) with:

``` r
devtools::install_gitlab('lukas.novak/psychtoolbox')
```

You can install the development version of `psychtoolbox` from
[GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/) with:

``` r
devtools::install_gitlab('lukas.novak/psychtoolbox@devel')
```

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!-- Start of a custom bit for every package -->
<!--------------------------------------------->
<!-- ## References ##• -->

# Documentation

The package documentation can be found [here](psychtoolbox_0.0.1.pdf)

# Shiny app

Shiny app accompanying some functions of the psychtoolbox can be found
[here](https://ja2qga-luk0-nov0k.shinyapps.io/lasy/?_ga=2.99139742.1229221532.1676069241-1657799194.1676069241)

# Citation

Novak, L. (2021). psychtoolbox: tools for psychology and psychometrics.
R package version 0.0.1. <https://gitlab.com/lukas.novak/psychtoolbox>

# References

Novak, L., Malinakova, K., Mikoska, P., van Dijk, J. P., Dechterenko,
F., Ptacek, R., & Tavel, P. (2021). Psychometric Analysis of the Czech
Version of the Toronto Empathy Questionnaire. International Journal of
Environmental Research and Public Health, 18(10), 5343. MDPI AG.
Retrieved from <http://dx.doi.org/10.3390/ijerph18105343>

<!--------------------------------------------->
<!--  End of a custom bit for every package  -->
<!--------------------------------------------->
